DUC 2006 Pyramid Data: Description

This file is a companion to README.DUC2006, and 2006-header.txt. It
describes the contents of each of the 13 columns in the score table
(2006_modified_scores.txt).

1. setID---as in the NIST tables
2. peerId---the system Id assigned by NIST
3. modified pyramid score---this score is very closely related to
         the original pyramid score, which equals the sum of the weights of the
         Summary Content Units (SCUs) that a peer summary matches,
	 normalized by the weight of an ideally
         informative summary consisting of the same number of contributors
         as the peer. However, the normalization factor for the
         modified score is the ideal weight of a summary which has the
	 same number of contributors as the average of the model summaries
	 in the associated pyramid. 
4. numSCUs---the number of unique contributors in the peer summary that
       match an SCU in the model pyramid. Note that pyramid SCUs can be
       matched by more than one contributor, in the case of exact or
       paraphrase repetition, so numSCUs is not the total number of
       matching SCUs. The total would be given by summing the numSCUs
       value and the numrepetitions value.
5. numrepetitions---the number of contributors in the peer that repeated
       a match to a pyramid SCU. For each set of contributors in the
       peer summary that match the same pyramid SCU, only one increments
       the count in column 4. The rest appear in this field, thus the
       total number of contributing content units in a peer summary is
       given by summing columns 4 and 5.
6. annotator---an id for the group that annotated all machine summaries
       for a given set against the model pyramid.
7.  pyramidcreator---an id for the pyramid creator
8--12.---the five linguistic quality evaluation questions. These are the
      exact values distributed by NIST annotators. The judgements are
      reproduced here to facilitate comparisons between the two two types
      of scores, since the summaries evaluated by the pyramid method are
      only a subset of all DUC05 summaries.
13. content---the NIST content judgement for the peer



 
