
		DUC 2007 Update Task: Description of Score Table
		------------------------------------------------

This file is a companion to 2007-header.txt. It describes the contents
of each of the 8 columns in the score table (2007_modified_scores.txt).

1. setID---document subset ID
2. peerId---peer summarizer ID
3. modified (pyramid) score---this score is very closely related to
       the original pyramid score, which equals the sum of the weights
       of the Summary Content Units (SCUs) that a peer summary
       matches, normalized by the weight of an ideally informative
       summary consisting of the same number of contributors as the
       peer. However, the normalization factor for the modified score
       is the ideal weight of a summary which has the same number of
       contributors as the average of the model summaries in the
       associated pyramid.
4. numSCUs---the number of unique contributors in the peer summary
       that match an SCU in the model pyramid. Note that a pyramid SCU
       can be matched by more than one contributor, in the case of
       exact or paraphrase repetition.
5. numrepetitions---the number of contributors in the peer that
       repeated a match to a pyramid SCU. For each set of contributors
       in the peer summary that match the same pyramid SCU, only one
       increments the count in column 4. The rest appear in this
       field; thus the total number of contributing content units in a
       peer summary would be given by summing columns 4 and 5.
       (HOWEVER: NIST assessors were told that it was sufficient for
       scoring purposes to mark just one contributor for each SCU that
       was matched, although they were encouraged to mark any
       additional contributors.)
6. annotator---the ID for the assessor who annotated all machine
       summaries for a given set against the model pyramid.
7. pyramidcreator---the ID for the pyramid creator
8. content---the content responsiveness judgement for the peer



 
